[SOAR-1379] - Carbon Black Cloud (#531)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: carbon_black_cloud/help.md

# Description

The VMware Carbon Black Cloud is a cloud-native endpoint protection platform (EPP) that combines the intelligent system hardening and behavioral prevention needed to keep emerging threats at bay, using a single lightweight agent and an easy-to-use console

# Key Features

* Get device information

# Requirements

> * API Key

Reviewer: Could summarize these to one line called API credentials. Since we list them out in the Setup section

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|agent|string|None|True|Agent to retrieve device information from. Accepts IP address, MAC address, hostname, or device ID. Search results are case sensitive|None|198.51.100.1|

Example input:

```
{
  "agent": "198.51.100.1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|agent|agent|False|Details about the agent|
|all_agents_matched|[]agent|False|In the unlikely case that multiple agents match the search criteria, for instance if duplicate IPs are present on the network, all agents will be listed here|

Example output:

```
{
  "agent": {
    "adGroupId": 0,
    "policyOverride": false,
    "currentSensorPolicyName": null,
    "deviceMetaDataItemList": null,
    "lastDevicePolicyRequestedTime": null,
    "lastDevicePolicyChangedTime": null,
    "lastPolicyUpdatedTime": null,
    "loginUserName": null,
    "messages": null,
    "lastReportedTime": 1591962280381,
    "uninstallCode": null,
    "organizationId": 1105,
    "deviceId": 3466056,
    "createTime": null,
    "deviceGuid": null,

>     "email": "sgoncharov@rapid7.com",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "email": "user@example.com",
```

Reviewer: Please double-check all information

    "rootedBySensorTime": null,
    "quarantined": false,
    "lastInternalIpAddress": "198.51.100.100",
    "macAddress": "000000000000",
    "lastExternalIpAddress": "198.51.100.100",
    "lastLocation": "OFFSITE",
    "sensorOutOfDate": false,
    "avUpdateServers": null,
    "passiveMode": false,
    "lastResetTime": 0,
    "lastShutdownTime": 0,
    "scanStatus": null,
    "scanLastActionTime": 0,
    "scanLastCompleteTime": 0,
    "linuxKernelVersion": null,
    "avEngine": "4.13.0.207-ave.8.3.60.40:avpack.8.5.0.60:vdf.8.18.2.56:apc.2.10.0.149",
    "avProductVersion": "4.13.0.207",
    "avAveVersion": "8.3.60.40",
    "avPackVersion": "8.5.0.60",
    "avVdfVersion": "8.18.2.56",
    "avLastScanTime": 0,
    "virtualMachine": false,
    "virtualizationProvider": "UNKNOWN",
    "sensorPendingUpdate": false,
    "rootedByAnalytics": false,
    "rootedByAnalyticsTime": null,
    "avMaster": false,
    "firstVirusActivityTime": 0,
    "lastVirusActivityTime": 0,
    "testId": -1,
    "uninstalledTime": null,
    "encodedActivationCode": null,
    "originEventHash": null,
    "name": "example-host",
    "status": "REGISTERED",
    "policyId": 12345,
    "policyName": "test"
  },

>   "other_matches": [

Reviewer 2: This name is different than what is in the output table above

# Requirements

* API Credentials
* Base URL

# Documentation

## Setup

> For information on how to get the API Key, API Secret, and your base URL please see the [Carbon Black Authentication](https://developer.carbonblack.com/reference/carbon-black-cloud/authentication/) documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For information on how to get the API credentials and your base URL please see the [Carbon Black Authentication](https://developer.carbonblack.com/reference/carbon-black-cloud/authentication/) documentation.
```

# Documentation
## Setup

> For information on how to get the API Key, API Secret, and your base URL please see the [Carbon Black Authentication](https://developer.carbonblack.com/reference/carbon-black-cloud/authentication/) documentation.

Reviewer: Did you mean to remove this? Looks like it's useful

Author: This is getting removed on regen
